here's some pictures that are more than
100 years old 100 years is called a
century I was born over 100 years ago I
am part of the last century this is a
picture of me women always were long
dresses many men wore suits every day
even to go to the park in my generation
we didn't have a car of course there
were no airplanes either we rode a horse
went in a wagon pulled by a horse we
walked we had a farm
my dad plowed the ground using a mule
like the farmer in this picture
dad milked a cow for our milk we didn't
get it delivered to the door when we
needed water we had to go bring it in a
bucket from the well but we could still
get flour and sugar at the store in the
winter we had a fire in the fireplace it
wasn't just for fun we needed it to keep
the house warm it was also our stove my
mother washed clothes with a washboard
like this
and then she hung the clothes out to dry
on a clothesline we had a school in a
small schoolhouse with just one room one
teacher taught all of us kids together
we had little desks with ink wells where
we dipped a feather to write with we
learned the three RS reading writing and
arithmetic not the same as now our
schoolroom was heated by a little wood
stove we did our lessons using a piece
of chalk and a board called a slate if I
drop my slate and it broke I would be in
big trouble when I did my homework I had
to use a lantern like this one to read
by if it got dark you had to be careful
not to knock it over or you could start
a big fire I had lots of chores to do I
had to help milk the cow feed the
chicken
sweep out the barn and wash the dishes
we didn't have a dishwasher of course
one thing that hasn't changed
is that even a hundred years ago kids
liked to play after our chores were done
some of the things we played with were
different some things were a lot the
same we made a lot of our own toys
sometimes my dad would carve a doll or a
little animal but sometimes we could buy
some special toy like a spinning top or
a painted doll we did not have a huge
store where our parents could go and buy
hundreds of different toys the toys we
did get we took care of so they didn't
get broken